Replace obj_needs_destructor by more general concept (#291)
AIDASoft/podio: doc/templates.md

| `forward_declarations`        | The forward declarations for the user facing classes header files. This is a nested dict, where the keys are namespaces and the leaf values are classes. |
| `forward_declarations_obj`     | The forward declarations for the `Obj` classes header files.                                                                                             |
| `is_pod`                      | Flag value indicating whether the `Data` class of this datatype is a POD or if it contains an STL member                                                 |

> | `obj_needs_destructor`        | Flag indicating whether the `Obj` class needs a dedicated destructor for the datatype or whether `= default` is enough.          

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This has been removed from the code, so we can also remove it from the documentation.

> | `is_trivial_type`        | Describes a general class of data types i.e. ones which have no relations or vector members.                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `is_trivial_type`        | Flag that indicates that this is a *trivial* data type, i.e. one without relations or vector members.                            |
```
Just to clarify that this is a boolean value.
